* Full form of AVL Tree : -
	Adelson , Velski , Landis .................

Binary Search Tree Conditions :-
	1) In which Left Subtree or Left child is less than or equal to Root node.
	2) In which Right Subtree or Right Child is Greater than or equal to Root node.

* Threaded Binary Tree :- 
	In Which the Null Pointer are replaced to the Special appropriate value called as thread.
	A Threaded Binary Tree is a In which NULL Pointer can replace to the special pointer i.e thread
	is called as threaded binary tree. in which special header pointer is used..
the newly designed structure is :  LThread -> Lchild -> Data -> Rchild -> RThread...........
Lthread is 0 when null pointer and Lthread is 1 when Normal pointer.
Rthread is 0 when null pointer and rthread is 1 when Normal pointer.

Node Outdergree is 0 then it can say the SINK NODE.
Node Indegree is 0 then it can say the SOURCE NODE.

Types of AVL Rotation :-
1) Left Rotation
2) Right Rotation
3) Left-Right Rotation
4) Right-Left Rotation


* Time Complexity's of Sorting Techniques :- 
1) Bubble Sort : - O(n)
2) Insertion Sort :- O(n^2)
3) Selection Sort :- O(n*2)
4) Merge Sort : - O(N Log N)
5) Quick Sort :- O(N Log N)
6) Heap Sort :- O(N Log N)


Types of Hashing Function :- 
1) Mid Square Method
2) Folding
3) Shifting
4) Dividing

*Hashing Function : - It is Translator in which the key value is replaced to the array indiced such 
			function is called as Hashing Function.

* Collision :- when the hash function maps to different keys to the same table address is called as Collision is occured.

* Collision Resoulation Technique :-
Types of overflow handeling techniques :- 
1) overflow chaining
2) prime area spill.


* Graph Representation Techniques :- 
1) Adjency Matrix Representation
2) Adjency List Representation
3) Threaded Representation

*Graph Traveesing Techniques :-
1) Breadth First Search (BFS) :- Queue
2) Depth First Search (DFS) :- Stack

* Tree Representation Techniques :-
 1) Array Representation
 2) Link Representation

* Tree Traversing Techniques :- 
1) Preorder traversal
2) Inorder Traversal
3) Postorder Traversal

*Types of Binary Tree
1) Binary Tree
2) Strictly binary Tree
3) Complete Binary Tree
4) Skewed Binary Tree
5) Extended Binary Tree.

B Tree : -
	B tree was Developed in 1972 by bayer and McCrieght. 
commonly used in database system.